{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Think, Make, Repeat is a collection of crazy makers obsessed with solving problems. We are inventors, business minded, and magicians. We create for our own problems so we can help others.\
\
We work as ordered chaos. We first go crazy, then reel it back into something that is practical, creative, and workable.\
\
\
We work in the field of creative technology. Most would say \'93What the heck is that\'94? Creative technology blurs lines, it is practical magic that solves business problems, it is an archetype of obsessive problem solvers that love technology. \
\
At times technology is the best fix for a problem, other times a more traditional approach is needed. We can solve all sorts of problems since we have different backgrounds, mindsets, and specialties. We look at each situation differently because they all are different. There are many goals of each problem to be solved and we strive to find the best solution that best meets those goals. \
\
When we move on a problem we move fast. We call these Rapid Prototyping sessions \'93Sprints.\'94 We will fist look for solutions and when we get to a certain point we start prototyping. Once we have a working prototype we will judge how far we need to take the prototype to get the idea across. Sometimes we leave it as a mess of wires and other times we turn it into a polished looking product.\
\
\
\
\
}